
Software Requirement Specification--

1.Introduction--
My Project is on Online Examination System, which is a software application which allows a particular company or institute to arrange, conduct and manage any objective examination via online.
The purpose of this SRS document is to write the functional and non-functional user or system requirements that represent the characteristics of On-Line Exam System.

The scope and limitation of this system is:
1- The on-line exam system design to educational institutes.
2-Hold all operation and generate reports to student, teachers and administrator.
3-Support multiple choices questions.
4-Allow the student to pro-choice the answer and to see his mark.
5-Verify a security, authority and safety.


2. User Requirements Definition

The user requirement for this system is to make the system fast, flexible, less prone to error, reduce expenses and save the time.
-- Time can be saved by scheduling the exams, if it is available a question bank to store questions for different subjects.
-- A system can be given a mark by checking the students answers, and give the result as soon as students finish his exam.
-- A facility to generate a result chart as pre required without manual interface.
-- The system should have records of students and faculty that can be access to the system which can be used only for the authorized person.
-- The system should be more secure for management user records and more reliable to work at any conditions.

=> System Requirement Specification:

Functional System Requirement:
This section gives a functional requirement that applicable to the On-Line Exam system. There are three sub modules in this phase.
1. Candidate module.
2. Examiner module.
3. Administrator module.

The functionality of each module is as follows:

1. Candidate module: The candidate will logon to the software and take his examination. He can also check his previous examinations marks and his details. The candidate will get result immediately after the completion of the examination.

2. Examiner module: The database is prepared & loaded into the software. Selection for examination can be done language wise by the examiner. The results will be displayed immediately after completion of the examination.

3. Administrator module: The administrator collects all the results after successful completion of the examination and sends to the headquarters as and when required.

The features that are available to the Administrator are:
1. The administrator has the full-fledged rights over the OES.
2. Can create/delete an account.
3. Can view the accounts.
4. Can change the password.
5. Can hide any kind of features from the both of users.
6. Insert/delete/edit the information of available on OES.
7. Can access all the accounts of the faculty members/students.

The features available to the Students are:
1. Can view the different categories of Test available in their account.
2.Can change password.
3. Can view their marks.
4. Can view the various reading material.
5.Can view and modify its profile but can modify it to some limited range.

The features available to the Examiner are:
1. Can view the different categories of Test conducted by users.
2. Can change password.
3.Can view their marks.
4.Can view and modify Results.

Used Tools-
Language/Scripts for web development - JSP,HTML5,Java Scripts
Server - Apache Tomcat 
DataBase- MySQL








